.TH KNOCKRAVEN 1 "07 Nov 2025" "Knockraven 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
knockraven \- multi‑protocol port‑knocking discovery tool
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B knockraven
\fIHOST PORT [PORT …]\fR [\fIOPTIONS\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBKnockraven\fR is a command‑line utility that brute forces port‑knocking
sequences in order to discover services that are hidden behind firewall
rules.  Port‑knocking is a technique where a server listens for a specific
sequence of connection attempts to closed ports; when the correct pattern
is observed, the server temporarily opens a hidden service port for the
client.  Knockraven generates and sends every combination of a given set
of candidate ports using TCP, UDP or a mixture of both protocols and then
checks whether the target service becomes reachable.

Only use this tool on systems you own or on which you have explicit
permission to perform security testing.
.SH OPTIONS
The mandatory positional arguments specify the \fBHOST\fR to test and one
or more \fBPORT\fR values which form the pool from which sequences are
generated.  A number of command‑line options control the behaviour of
Knockraven:
.TP
\fB\-l,\ --length\fR \fIN\fR
Length of the knock sequence to test (default: 3).  With \fIN\fR ports
provided the total number of sequences is \fIN\fR\s-2^length\s+2.
.TP
\fB\-p,\ --protocol\fR \fIMODE\fR
Protocol to use for the knocks.  \fBtcp\fR sends TCP SYN packets,
\fBudp\fR sends empty UDP datagrams and \fBmixed\fR enumerates all
combinations of TCP and UDP for each position in the sequence.
.TP
\fB\-m,\ --monitor\fR \fIPORT\fR
Port to check after each sequence to determine whether the service has been
opened (default: 22).
.TP
\fB\-d,\ --delay\fR \fIMS\fR
Delay between knocks in milliseconds (default: 200).  Some knock daemons
require a pause between connection attempts.
.TP
\fB\-t,\ --timeout\fR \fIMS\fR
Timeout for each connection attempt in milliseconds (default: 1000).
.TP
\fB\-c,\ --concurrency\fR \fIN\fR
Number of sequences to send concurrently (default: 10).  Higher values
speed up scanning but may overwhelm the target or your network stack.
.TP
\fB\-v,\ --verbose\fR
Increase output verbosity.  Repeat the flag to enable additional detail.
.TP
\fB\-h,\ --help\fR
Display usage information.
.SH EXAMPLES
To test all three‑port combinations of ports 1111, 2222 and 3333 on
host 192.0.2.10 using TCP knocks while monitoring port 22:
.PP
\fB\fCknockraven 192.0.2.10 1111 2222 3333 \-l 3 \-p tcp \-m 22\fR\fR
.SH AUTHORS
Knockraven was written by John Hauger Mitander.  This manual page was
adapted for the Debian package.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2025 John Hauger Mitander.  This is free software;
see the source for copying conditions.  There is NO warranty; not
even for MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.